   Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/metempsychotic/pen/rNeNNZX?editors=1100
   
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that gives meaning to the items in the webpage

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to tell the browser how to display the page content

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes modify element types, and it goes after the element within the angle brackets

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    defines the most important heading on the page, it should only be used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <head> tag

    7. What is an id?
    specifies a unique element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any that are unique

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    one

    10. What is a class? 
    another way to identify an element. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    multiple times

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    alternate text if the image doesn't load

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is semantic, a div is not and is used to style the content

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling the html content visually

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 { }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class can be used multiple times and is used to style the content, an id is intended to target a single specific element. For example you would use a class on multiple divs to style them the same way, but you would use an id on a section to target it for navigation

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent child selector will select one element within another. For example to call a paragraph within a section you would ".section p { }"

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    defines an element when in a special state (i.e. hover)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    css line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    css letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    css text-transform property

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* this is a comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -f <filename> you have to be careful because there are no "are you sure" prompts and no undoing this

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it will allow you to go back to a previous version of the file before current changes were made

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    any time you make a big change or get a feature working correctly

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, add TL as collaborator, clone, branch, add, commit, push, submit pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    You can put inline elements inside block elements, but not the other way around. Inline elements do not force a new block to begin.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it sits on it's own layer above everything else

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    display:inline and then also give it a width property

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div, header, footer are block by default
    span, a, img are inline by default
    button is inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    the box model is like a multi layered box that wraps around each element and each layer can be styled independently
    to make all elements respect the given width we can set a min-width or max-width

    